{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 All About Sex\par
In This Section\par
There are different kinds of sex \f1\emdash  but you need good communication and consent no matter what kind of sex is involved. Sex can lead to pregnancy and/or STDs, but there are ways to protect yourself. \par
\par
What\rquote s sex?\par
People define "sex" in different ways. Some people believe that it only counts as sex if a penis goes into a vagina, but this isn't true for everybody.\f0\lang2057 people consider sex as a taboo,but it aint one,people today have made sex a hype,some people are like,"ohh damn,youu had sex?,aree u kidding me,wow,oh really"it really makes us laugh with our asses off,like really ,this kinda topic deserves these kinda expressions?,its just a fucking normal thing,anyone can have it,actually it is also not an individuals mistake,but our society who thinks this way.Now thes kinda information are given  by almost all the websites ,they provide you information,but we the people of your country,are here for youu to make you experience how actual sex feels like,and now dont expect that we would provide youu with boys or girls,but we"ll give youu deep insights of how sex feels like. \f1\lang9  Different types of sex include:\par
\par
Vaginal sex (penis-in-vagina intercourse)\par
\par
Oral sex (mouth-to-genital contact)\par
\par
Anal sex (penis-in-butt intercourse)\par
\par
Fingering or hand jobs (hand-to-genital contact)\par
\par
Dry humping or genital rubbing\par
\par
Masturbation (touching yourself)\par
\par
Whatever sex means to you, being sexual with another person comes with a lot of responsibility. Before you have sex, think about what things you feel comfortable doing, ask what the other person feels comfortable doing, and think about any risks involved \emdash  like STDs or pregnancy \emdash  and how to help prevent them.\par
\par
It's just as important to think about what you DON'T feel comfortable doing \emdash  and then talk about it with your partner. And if you're in the middle of doing something that you thought you wanted to do but change your mind, that's OK, too. You can stop any time you want.\par
\par
If you're going to have vaginal, oral, or anal sex, talk with your partner about how you'll help protect each other from STDs.\par
\par
If you're having vaginal sex, it's also important to use birth control if you don't want to get pregnant.\par
\par
What\rquote s oral sex?\par
Going down. Eating out. Blow job. These are all names for oral sex \emdash  using your mouth to stimulate another person's genitals.\par
\par
Some people like oral sex, and others don't. Some people like giving oral sex but don't like getting it. Some like getting it but not giving it. All of this is totally fine and normal \emdash  it's up to you to decide what you're comfortable with, and let your partner know.\par
\par
You can't get pregnant from oral sex, but you can get an STD if you don\rquote t protect yourself. Although it's less likely you'll get an STD from oral sex than from unprotected vaginal or anal sex, safer is always better. Use a condom to cover the penis, or a Sheer Glyde dam, cut-open condom, or plastic wrap to cover the vulva or anus to help prevent STDs.\par
\par
What\rquote s anal sex?\par
Anal sex means penis-in-anus (butt) intercourse. Some people enjoy anal sex, and some people don't like it at all. Either way is perfectly fine. If you don't like it or don't want to try it, it\rquote s not ok for someone to pressure you into it. Sex should feel good and be comfortable for both of you.\par
\par
Anal sex can hurt if you're not relaxed and don't use lubricant. The anus doesn't make it\rquote s own lubrication like the vagina does, so using lube helps the penis (or a sex toy) go in the anus easier and keeps the condom from breaking.\par
\par
Don't use anything with oil in it, like Vaseline, lotion, or baby oil. Oil-based lubes can weaken a condom and make it more likely to break. You can get safe lubricants (water or silicone based) in the condom aisle at drug and grocery stores.\par
\par
Listen to your body. If anal sex (or any sex) hurts, stop doing it. Sex that's painful or uncomfortable shouldn\rquote t continue and your partner should respect that.\par
\par
You can't get pregnant from anal sex. But there's a bigger chance of getting STDs, including HIV, from unprotected anal sex (without a condom). So it's important to always use condoms AND lube to lower your chances of getting an STD.\par
\par
What\rquote s vaginal sex?\par
Vaginal sex is when a penis goes inside a vagina. Some people really enjoy vaginal sex, and some people don\rquote t. Some people with a vulva/clitoris orgasm from vaginal sex alone, and some people don\rquote t. Just like all kinds of sex, everyone has different things they like and don\rquote t like \emdash  and that\rquote s ok. Let your partner know what feels good to you.\par
\par
You can get pregnant and pass STDs from unprotected vaginal sex. But there are a lot of different birth control methods that help prevent pregnancy. Just like with oral and anal sex, condoms can help prevent STDs.  \par
\par
What\rquote s an orgasm?\par
An orgasm is the release of tension that can happen during sex or masturbation. It\rquote s often intense and feels really good. Having an orgasm is sometimes called coming/cumming or climaxing.\par
\par
Before and during an orgasm, you might notice changes to your body like:\par
\par
your face and chest become warm and red\par
\par
your heart beats faster\par
\par
muscle spasms in your genitals\par
\par
a pleasurable feeling in your genitals or even across your whole body\par
\par
During an orgasm, the penis squirts a small amount (1-2 tablespoons) of semen, a white liquid that contains sperm and other fluids. This is called ejaculation. It\rquote s possible to have an orgasm without ejaculating or to ejaculate without an orgasm, but they usually happen together.\par
\par
It\rquote s also possible for fluid to squirt out of the vulva before or during an orgasm \emdash  this is sometimes called female ejaculation. This fluid isn\rquote t pee. Female ejaculation is less common than ejaculation out of the penis, but if it happens to you, it\rquote s totally okay - nothing is weird or wrong with you.\par
\par
Every body is different and there\rquote s not one \ldblquote right\rdblquote  way to have an orgasm. You might be able to have an orgasm quickly and easily. Or you might need more time or a very specific type of stimulation. You might be able to have an orgasm when you masturbate but not when you have sex with a partner. All of these differences are normal.  Experimenting with what feels good can help you understand your body and what feels good for you.\par
\par
Although people tend to think that having an orgasm is the goal of sex, you can get lots of pleasure from doing sexual things even if you don\rquote t have an orgasm. In fact, putting a lot of pressure on having an orgasm can make you or your partner anxious, which can make sex stressful and less enjoyable. Relax, and remember that pleasure, not orgasms, is the goal\par
\par
How do I know when I\rquote m ready to have sex?\par
Deciding when to have sex is a big deal. It\rquote s an important decision that only you can make. But it can be really helpful to talk it out with someone you trust \emdash  like a parent, a friend, or someone else who cares about you.\par
\par
Sex can be really great, but it also has risks \emdash  STDs and unintended pregnancy are no joke. But sex can also have emotional risks. Sex before you're ready, sex with someone you don't trust or respect (or who doesn't trust or respect you), or sex that doesn't feel good can lead to some really stressful feelings. And sex shouldn't be stressful.\par
\par
A healthy sex life fits in with everything you're about, including:\par
\par
Your personal values\par
\par
Your school and career goals\par
\par
The emotional and physical risks you're willing to take\par
\par
Think about:\par
\par
If having sex is something you really want to do, or something you\rquote re being pressured to do\par
\par
Whether family and friends will support your decision (and how important that is to you)\par
\par
Your feelings about who you are and what you're comfortable doing\par
\par
Whether you want to be in a committed relationship before you have sex (and if that\rquote s true for your partner too)\par
\par
What the pros and cons are - and especially thinking through any cons before deciding\par
\par
Is everyone else already having sex?\par
Even if it seems like everyone your age is having sex, they\rquote re probably not. Only about half of high school students have ever had vaginal sex, and the average age when people start having sex is 18. But even once they have had sex, most teens don't have it very often. And lots of teens who've had sex say they wish they\rquote d waited.\par
\par
You\rquote re not ready to have sex if the reason you want to sounds anything like:\par
\par
I\rquote m the only virgin in my group of friends.        \par
\par
I want to \ldblquote get it over with.\rdblquote    \par
\par
My boyfriend or girlfriend will break up with me if I don\rquote t have sex.      \par
\par
Having sex will make me popular.        \par
\par
I\rquote ll feel older if I have sex.        \par
\par
What if I don\rquote t want to have sex at all?\par
Some people aren't ever interested in having sex. This is called asexuality. But just because you don\rquote t have to have sex now doesn\rquote t mean you\rquote ll never want to.\par
\par
People have different sex drives \emdash  an urge or interest in having sex. Lots of things affect sex drives, like stress, hormones, life experiences, illness, medicines, how comfortable you are in a relationship, how safe you feel, and how attracted you are to someone. How important sex is in your life can change over time \emdash  so don't worry if it\rquote s not something you\rquote re interested in right now. That\rquote s totally normal and o\par
\par
\par
\par
\f0\lang2057 //if you are a person of gay community\par
\par
Men who have sex with men (MSM), also known as males who have sex with males, are male persons who engage in sexual activity with members of the same sex, regardless of how they identify themselves; many such men do not sexually identify as gay, homosexual or bisexual.[1]\par
\par
The term was created in the 1990s by epidemiologists to study the spread of disease among men who have sex with men, regardless of identity.[1] The term MSM is often used in medical literature and social research to describe such men as a group for research studies without considering issues of self-identification.\par
\par
Now we"ll discuss of the health issues which are caused,heyy guys,dont be scared  of the things which are mentioned below,we ain't exaggerating like google,a site which can cause heart attack to a normal person,a site whose end point is cancer,nothing less than that.\par
The things written below should be kept in  mind,but these things should not rule your mind,notice people,theres a huge difference between the two.have a  healthy life.\par
Since LGBT people began to organize for their social and legal rights[examples needed], access to equal health care[clarification needed] has remained an important but often not primary issue. LGBT-specific health organizations have been formed, including charities educating on specific issues, health clinics, and even professional organizations for LGBT people and their allies.[citation needed] Many of them have advocated for specific changes to various governmental practices, and the ongoing effort[needs update] to legalize same-sex marriage often includes examples of LGBT people unable to secure health coverage equivalent to that of their heterosexual counterparts.[citation needed] The United States Department of Health and Human Services announced in 2012 that the Affordable Care Act (ACA) would offer new protections, including a ban on insurers discriminating against LGBT persons. The ACA also provided funding for community-based preventive health programs and measures to combat HIV-related health disparities.[18][needs update]\par
\par
Mental\par
Since medical literature began to describe homosexuality, it has often been approached from a view that assumed or sought to find an inherent psychopathology as the root cause. Much literature on mental health and homosexuals centered on examples of their depression, substance abuse, and suicide. Although these issues exist among non-heterosexuals, discussion about their causes shifted after homosexuality was removed from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) in 1973. Instead, social ostracism, legal discrimination, internalization of negative stereotypes, and limited support structures were regarded as indications of the issues faced by homosexuals in Western societies in the late 20th century, which often adversely affected their mental health.[19]\par
\par
Sexually transmitted infections\par
Main article: Sexually transmitted disease\par
A 2007 study reported that two large population surveys found "the majority of gay men had similar numbers of unprotected sexual partners annually as straight men and women."[20][21] Among men who have anal sex with other men, anal sex without use of a condom is considered to be very risky behavior. A person who inserts their penis into an infected partner is at risk because sexually transmitted diseases (STDS/STIs) can enter through the urethra or through small cuts, abrasions, or open sores on the penis. Also, condoms are more likely to break during anal sex than during vaginal sex. Thus, even with a condom, anal sex can be risky.[22][23]\par
\par
HIV/AIDS\par
Main article: HIV and men who have sex with men\par
Acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) is a disease of the human immune system caused by the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).[24][25][26] HIV can infect anybody, regardless of sex, ethnicity, or sexual orientation.[27] Worldwide, an estimated 5\f1\endash 10% of HIV infections are the result of men having sex with men.[28] However, in many developed countries, more HIV infections are transmitted by men having sex with men than by any other transmission route.[27] In the United States, "men who have had sex with men since 1977 have an HIV prevalence (the total number of cases of a disease that are present in a population at a specific point in time) 60 times higher than the general population".[29]\par
\par
In 2007, the largest estimated proportion of HIV/AIDS diagnoses among adults and adolescents in the U.S. were men who have sex with men (MSM). While this category is only 2% of the U.S. population[30] they accounted for 53% of the overall diagnoses and 71% among men. According to a 2010 federal study, one in five men who have sex with men are HIV positive and nearly half don't realize it.[31]\par
\par
According to a CDC study, HIV prevalence in the MSM population of the U.S. varies widely by ethnicity. "As many as 46% of black MSM have HIV" while "the HIV rate is estimated at 21% for white MSM and 17% for Hispanic MSM."[32][33][34] In the United States from 2001\endash 2005, the highest transmission risk behaviors were sex between men (40\endash 49% of new cases) and high risk heterosexual sex (32\endash 35% of new cases).[35] HIV infection is increasing at a rate of 12% annually among 13\endash 24-year-old American men who have sex with men.[36][37][38] Experts attribute this to "AIDS fatigue" among younger people who have no memory of the worst phase of the epidemic in the 1980s and early 1990s, as well as "condom fatigue" among those who have grown tired of and disillusioned with the unrelenting safer sex message. The increase may also be because of new treatments.[36] In developing countries, HIV infection rates have been characterized as skyrocketing among MSM.[39] Studies have found that less than 5% of MSM in Africa, Asia, and Latin America have access to HIV-related health care.[39]\par
\par
Hepatitis B\par
Main articles: Hepatitis B and Healthcare and the LGBT community \f0\'a7 Hepatitis\par
Hepatitis B is a disease caused by hepatitis B virus (HBV) which infects the liver of hominoidea, including humans, and causes an inflammation called hepatitis. The disease has caused epidemics in parts of Asia and Africa, and it is endemic in China.[40] About a third of the world's population, more than 2 billion people, have been infected with HBV.[41] Transmission of HBV results from exposure to infectious blood or body fluids containing blood. Possible forms of transmission include (but are not limited to) unprotected sexual contact, blood transfusions, re-use of contaminated needles and syringes, and vertical transmission from mother to child during childbirth. HBV can also be transmitted between family members within households, possibly by contact of non-intact skin or mucous membrane with secretions or saliva containing the virus.[42][43] However, at least 30% of reported hepatitis B cases among adults cannot be associated with an identifiable risk factor.[44]\par
Our main aim is not to scare youu,but we want youu people to be aware of some certain facts.\par
some facts which only the gay men know.\par
1. Gay people and straight people are equally promiscuous\par
\par
There's a long-held notion that gay people like to sleep around more than straight people. But a 2010 OkCupid study of 3.2 million gay and straighter users tells us that we're all equally, gloriously slutty. The median number of sexual partners for gay men is six. And for straight men? Also six. Gay women? Yep, six. Straight women? You guessed it. In fact, 98 percent of gay people have had sex with under twenty people, and the same is true for 99 percent of straight people.\par
\par
2. But orgies and threesomes are still fair game\par
Even though 42 percent of participants in an About.com survey of 6,306 gay men said that they never have more than one partner in bed, seven percent claimed that they "always" or "almost always" invite more than one person for some naked snuggling.\par
\par
\par
3. Anal sex is not as popular as you'd think\par
A lot of people are under the impression that gay sex=anal sex, but a 2011 Indiana University and George Mason University study of 25,000 gay and bisexual men revealed that only 36 percent of men reported receiving anal sex and 34 percent of men reported giving it during their most recent sexual event. "Of all sexual behaviors that men reported occurring during their last sexual event, those involving the anus were the least common," Lead author Joshua G. Rosenberger said. With all the references you hear about pitching and catching, it's kind of interesting to learn that plenty of gay people aren't even into baseball at all. It's a shame, though, because...\par
\par
\par
4. Nearly a quarter of gay men frequently get orgasms from anal sex alone\par
You've probably heard that stimulating the prostate gland is basically like hitting the male G-spot, but if you don't believe the stories, let the numbers do the talking. In another About.com survey of 7,153 gay men, 24 percent of participants reported that they "always" or "almost always" are able to climax solely from anal stimulation, and 37 percent said that it "sometimes" happens.\par
\par
\par
5. Other animals enjoy having gay sex, too\par
The next time anyone tries to tell you that dudes banging other dudes is not "natural," allow science to prove them wrong for you. Plenty of mammals, insects, birds, and fish have been observed engaging in same-sex lovin'. While many of their encounters might have just been one-time flings, in 1994, scientists found that up to eight percent of male domestic sheep have displayed a distinct preference for other males, even when there are fertile ewes just dying to get down and dirty.\par
\par
\par
6. Gay men prefer big penises\par
At least in Atlanta, 52 percent of gay men said that size definitely does matter in a 2015 survey of gay men by David Atlanta, a weekly LGBT publication in Atlanta. But it would appear that they'll have to look hard to find big enough to suit their preference; in the same survey, only 8 percent of men admitted to having a member that was over eight inches long (And let's be real, here: some of them definitely rounded up.).\par
\par
\par
7. Kisses and BJs apparently make a great combination\par
I sure hope my rude, semenophobic ex is reading this, because in that About.com survey of 6,908 gay men, 45 percent say that they always \f1\emdash  always \emdash  kiss after a blowjob. Another 21 percent said that they "almost always" kiss after oral, and only seven percent said that it never happens. But maybe if you're that afraid of your own jizz, you should eat some pineapple before expecting your partner to deal with it.\par
\par
\par
8. A surprisingly small number of queer men like to be on top all the time\par
Giphy\par
When asked which position of anal sex was the best, only 16 percent of gay men stated that they preferred top in another About.com survey of 7,153 gay men. In comparison, 41 percent of the participants described themselves as a "bottom," with the remainder saying that they enjoyed switching it up. Apparently, those anal orgasms are really something special\par
\par
\b\f0\fs28 About Lesbian Community\par
Lesbian sexual practices are sexual activities involving women who have sex with women, regardless of their sexual orientation. A woman who has sex with another woman may identify as a lesbian if she is exclusively sexually attracted to women, or bisexual if she is not exclusively sexually attracted to women, or dispense with sexual identification altogether. The term may also be applied to a heterosexual or asexual woman who is unsure of or is exploring her sexuality.\par
\par
Romantic or sexual interpersonal relationships are often subject to sexual desire and arousal, which then leads to sexual activity for sexual release. A physical expression of intimacy between women depends on the context of the relationship along with social, cultural and other influences.[1]\b0\par
Commonly, women engage in displays of affection, such as kissing on the cheek or hugging. A kiss on the lips, a prolonged kiss or hug, or other forms of touching, may or may not be regarded as sexual. Sex educator and feminist Shere Hite stated that one of her female research subjects had written, "Sex with a woman includes: touching, kissing, smiling, looking serious, embracing, talking, digital intercourse, caressing, looking, cunnilingus, undressing, remembering later, making sounds, sometimes gently biting, sometimes crying, and breathing and sighing together."[2]\par
\par
Disrobing before a partner, removing the clothing of a partner or performing acts of physical intimacy, such as the touching of a partner's erogenous zones by the use of hands, tongue or rest of the mouth, may be regarded as indicators of the partner's desire for sexual activity and an erotic stimuli or turn-on (sexual arousal), which may generate erotic sensations in both partners. Allowing such acts of physical intimacy, especially the stimulation of a partner's breasts and nipples, is an indication of reciprocal interest in sexual activity.\par
\par
A woman's mouth, lips and tongue may be sensitive erogenous zones; they are commonly used by partners during the preliminary stages and throughout a sexual activity, whether for kissing, sucking, licking or specifically for oral sex. The stimulation of a partner's breasts, including oral or manual stimulation of the nipples, is a form of foreplay. Breast and nipple stimulation of women is a common aspect of sexual activity.[3] The stimulation of a woman's nipples promotes the production and release of oxytocin and prolactin.[4] During the stimulation of the nipples, large amounts of oxytocin are released, which would normally prepare the breast for breastfeeding. Besides creating maternal feelings in a woman, it also decreases her anxiety and increases bonding and trust.[5][6]\par
\par
An orgasm includes involuntary actions, including muscular spasms in multiple areas of the body, a general euphoric sensation and, frequently, body movements and vocalizations.[7] The period after orgasm, known as a refractory period, is often a relaxing experience, attributed to the release of the neurohormones oxytocin and prolactin.[7][8] While, due to factors concerning the possibility of females being able to achieve an additional orgasm soon after their first orgasm, research often indicates that they do not experience a refractory period,[7][9] other sources define refractory period in females partly as a stage where further sexual stimulation does not produce excitement and therefore include females in the definition.[8][10]\par
\par
Oral sex, manual stimulation and tribadism\par
\par
Woman performing cunnilingus on her sex partner\par
Oral stimulation of the clitoris or other parts of vulva or the vagina is commonly practiced between women and, like oral stimulation of the nipples, can include the use of teeth in addition to use of the lips or tongue.[11][12] Oral sex that involves the stimulation of the woman's clitoris or other parts of the vulva or the vagina is called cunnilingus. The oral stimulation of the anus, called anilingus, is less often practiced.[12][13]\par
\par
Fingering (manual stimulation) involves the use of the fingers to massage a woman's clitoris or other parts of the vulva, the vagina, or anus. Oral or manual stimulation of the vulva, and in particular the clitoris, is the most common way for a woman to reach and achieve an orgasm.[14][15][16][17] Fingering may be self-fingering, one-sided, mutual, penetrative or non-penetrative. Massaging inside of the vagina may stimulate a very sensitive area, sometimes termed the G-spot area. For some women, stimulating the G-spot area creates a more intense orgasm than direct clitoral stimulation.[18] For deeper vaginal, anal or oral penetration, a dildo, strap-on dildo or other sex toys may be used.\par
\par
Tribadism is a common non-penetrative sexual act between women.[11][12][19][20] It is often known by its "scissoring" position, and is also referred to as frottage or in popular slang as dry humping. It involves a woman rubbing her vulva against her partner's vulva, thigh, stomach, buttocks, arm, or another body part. This may be achieved in a number of sex positions, including a missionary, a woman on top, doggy style, scissoring or other position.[21][22] It may be accompanied by fingering or penetration with a dildo.[11][20][23]\par
\par
Dominance, submission and BDSM\par
On occasion, for variety, or on a more regular or routine basis, a woman may assume a passive role during sexual activity and leave it to her partner to provide their sexual satisfaction, which can also be an aspect of dominance and submission. For example, a person in a doggy style position may be passive and open to a variety of sex acts, generally at the choice of the active partner, such as fingering from behind, massage or stimulation of erogenous zones, including the genitals, nipples, or buttocks, and receiving a playful spank to the buttocks.[24] The active partner can also introduce a sex toy, such as a dildo or vibrator, into the vagina or anus.\par
\par
To ensure passivity and to enhance the feeling of or actual female submission, a partner may also take part in bondage (such as handcuffs) or in other BDSM activities.[11][20] During sexual bondage, the restrained partner is generally open to a variety of sex acts and cannot interfere in the ensuing sexual activity. She is dependent for her sexual satisfaction on the actions of her partner, who can choose the type and pace of the sexual activity and can introduce sex toys. For example, a pecker gag can be used to gag the restrained partner as well as to require her to suck during sexual activity in a similar manner to an adult pacifier. The active partner has the role of treating the restrained partner as a sex object to be used for her own sexual satisfaction. The active partner may herself derive sexual satisfaction from providing her sex partner with sexual satisfaction and bringing her to orgasm.\par
\par
Health issues which lesbian sex can cause:\par
Health risks\par
Like most sexual activity, lesbian sexual activities can carry risks of sexually transmitted infections (STIs/STDs), such as genital herpes or other pathogenic infections. When lesbian sexual activity is of a non-penetrative nature, the risk of exchange of bodily fluids is generally lower and therefore the incidence of transmission of sexually transmitted infections is also relatively low,[41][42] especially when contrasted by penetrative sexual activities between male-female or male-male couples.[43] The use of the same sex toys by more than one person increases the risk of transmitting such infections.[43][44] Though the risk for HIV transmission from lesbian sexual activity is significantly lower than it is for HIV transmission from male-female and male-male sexual activity, it is present.[43] HIV can be spread through bodily fluids, such as blood (including menstrual blood), vaginal fluid and breast milk, or by oral sex if the person has cuts or sores in her mouth or poor oral hygiene.[41]\par
\par
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) did not recognize female-to-female transmission as a possible method of HIV infection until 1995. The CDC reported there is little data available regarding the risk of spreading sexually transmitted infections between women.[43] However, the CDC states that pathogens such as metronidazole-resistant trichomoniasis, genotype-concordant HIV, human papillomavirus (HPV, which has been linked to nearly all cases of cervical cancer) and syphilis can be spread through sexual contact between women.[43] While the rates of these pathologies are unknown, one study showed 30% of lesbians and bisexual women had medical histories with sexually transmitted infections.[45] This does not mean that sexually active lesbians are exposed to higher health risks than the general population. Health Canada noted "the prevalence of all types of HPV (cancer and non-cancer-causing) in different groups of Canadian women ranges from 20%\f1\endash 33%" and an American university study found 60% of sexually active females were infected with HPV at some time within a three-year period.[46]\par
\par
The American Family Physician suggests that lesbian and bisexual women "cover sex toys that penetrate more than one person's vagina or anus with a new condom for each person" and to "consider using different toys for each person", to use a protection barrier (for example, a latex sheet, dental dam, cut-open condom or, plastic wrap) during oral sex and to "use latex or vinyl gloves and lubricant for any manual sex that might cause bleeding unprotected contact with a sexual partner's menstrual blood and with any visible genital lesions".[44] However, there "is no good evidence" that using a dental dam reduces STI transmission risks between women who have sex with women; studies show that using a dental dam as a protection barrier is rarely practiced, and that, among women who have sex with women, this may be because the individuals have "limited knowledge about the possibilities of STI transmission or [feel] less vulnerable to STIs [such as HIV]".[12]\par
\par
\f0 Uhhh,arent u tired of reading this serious stuff?,so forget the above mentioned things and let me tell youu some amazing facts about sex:\b\par
\par
\par
1. One in ten European babies is conceived in an IKEA bed.\par
\par
2. Alfred Kinsey, author of Sexual Behavior in the Human Male (1948), had a collection of 5 million wasps and could insert a toothbrush into his penis, bristle-end first.\par
\par
3. British spies stopped using semen as invisible ink because it began to smell if it wasn\rquote t fresh.\par
\par
4. A single sperm contains 37.5 MB of DNA information. One ejaculation represents a data transfer of 15,875 GB, equivalent to the combined capacity of 62 MacBook Pro laptops.\par
\par
5. Male fruitflies rejected by females drink significantly more alcohol than those that have had a successful encounter.\par
\par
\par
6. A female ferret will die if she doesn't have sex for a year.\par
\par
7. Seven Viagra tablets are sold every second.\par
\par
8. The German for "contraceptive" is Schwangerschaftsverh\'fctungsmittel. By the time you've finished saying it, it's too late.\par
\par
9. The American Psychiatric Association listed homosexuality as a mental illness until 1973.\par
\par
10. The best-selling work of fiction of the 15th century was "The Tale of the Two Lovers," an erotic novel by the man who later became Pope Pius II.\par
\par
11. A single human male produces enough sperm in two weeks to impregnate every fertile woman on the planet.\par
\par
12. In 2008, archaeologists in Cyprus found a 7th-century curse inscribed on a lead tablet that said, "May your penis hurt when you make love." Nobody knows who made the curse, or why.\par
\par
13. The founder of match.com, Gary Kremen, lost his girlfriend to a man she met on match.com.\par
\par
14. Gymnophoria is the sense that someone is mentally undressing you.\par
\par
15. A female chimpanzee in a fit of passion has the strength of six men.\par
\par
16. At the 2012 London Olympics, which lasted for 17 days, the athletes were provided with 150,000 free condoms- approximately 15 each.\par
\par
17. The "G-spot" was nearly called the Whipple Tickle- after Professor Beverley Whipple, who coined the expression that we know today\par
\par
1. Infertility Is Far More Common Than You May Think\par
Infertility can be devastating, but research suggests it\rquote s far more common than you may think. For example, a study published earlier this year found that infertility impacts one in eight women, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about six percent of married women aged 15 to 44 are still unable to get pregnant after a year of unprotected sex, and about 12 percent of women have difficulty carrying a pregnancy to full term.\par
\par
Read: Have A Better Sex Life With 7 Science-Backed Tips\par
\par
2. Men Have A G-Spot\par
Men have an area on their body similar to the sought after female \ldblquote g-spot\rdblquote  which, when stimulated, can cause extreme pleasure. The area is known as the prostate, and is located right under his bladder, Cosmopolitan reported. It can be reached by placing a finger inside of his anus and moving it in a circular motion.\par
\par
3. Women Think About Sex\'85.A lot\par
Society may make women out to be dainty flowers who wouldn\rquote t dare have sexy thoughts on their own, but in reality, they think about sex a lot and would like to have more of it. For example, one recent survey found that about 53 percent of women were not having as much sex as they would like, and nearly 75 percent of women involved in the survey expressed a desire to make love at least three times a week.\par
\par
4. Simultaneous Orgasms Are Extremely Rare\par
Orgasming at the same time as your partner is so rare that most individuals will never experience this in their lifetime. In fact, orgasming at all should be considered an achievement, especially for women: Jezebel reported that roughly 75 percent of men in relationships always have an orgasm with their partner, compared to 30 percent of women.\par
\par
5. Average Penis Is 5.57 Inches Long\par
Asking a man his penis size may be a personal question, but chances are it\rquote s around 5.57 inches when erect. According to a study published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine, this is the average penis, although there are always exceptions to this rule.\par
\par
6. Sex Can Improve Memory In Women\par
A recent study found that frequent \ldblquote penis in vagina\rdblquote  sex can also help improve a woman\rquote s ability to remember words and phrases. It does this by increasing the blood flow to the hippocampal region of the brain, and although the same can be accomplished via any aerobic activity, it\rquote s far to fun to do with sex.\par
\par
7. Men Are Either Growers Or Showers\par
According to a survey taken by Men\rquote s Health, 79 percent of men have growers, meaning their penis looks bigger when erect, while 21 percent reported to be \ldblquote showers\rdblquote  with penises that don't grow much in size after erection.\par
\par
8. Oral Sex Can Make A Penis Longer\par
Strangely, one study found that men\rquote s self-reported penis size was actually larger when they measured their penises following oral sex, versus after masturbating, although it's not entirely clear why.\par
\par
9. Sperm Is Fast\par
Though sperm might look quite stationary outside of the body, once inside of a woman, they can swim pretty fast. According to The Naked Scientist, sperm can travel up to 5 mm per minute, which, if scaled up to size, would be equivalent to a salmon swimming 500 miles per hour or a whale swimming 15,000 miles per hour. Ejaculate is even faster, coming at a reported 28 miles per hour.\par
\par
10. Apples Are Aphrodisiacs\par
We\rquote ve all heard of aphrodisiacs such as strawberries and oysters helping to put men and women in the mood, but what about apples? One 2014 study found that women who ate apples more than once a day reported better self-lubrication and overall sexual function compared to women who ate less than one apple a day.\par
\par
11. Size Doesn\rquote t Really Matter\par
The media may emphasize the desire for larger-than-average penises, but most women would like something a bit more fun-sized in their partner. In fact, one study found that women were more likely to cheat on husbands with larger penises because they associated large penises with \ldblquote pain and discomfort during sex.\rdblquote\par
\par
12. Period Sex Is Fun Sex\par
While taboo, sex on a woman\rquote s period is actually far more common and enjoyable than you may have been led to believe. Though messy, some say the extra lubrication during period sex actually makes it feel better. Make sure you use protection because it\rquote s still possible to get pregnant when on your period.\par
\par
13. There Are Two Types Of Female Orgasms\par
While orgasms are pretty straight up for men, with women they are a bit more complicated. In fact, women can have two types of orgasms: vaginal and clitoral. Though both are enjoyable on their own, when done together, the experience can be quite eye-opening.\par
\par
14. Women Are More Attractive When They Ovulate\par
Although they are not aware of it, men are subconsciously more attracted to women during their ovulation. In fact, exotic dancers actually earn more money during this week in the month than any other.\par
\par
15 Have Sex With Socks On\par
If you\rquote re having trouble reaching an orgasm while having sex, try slipping on a pair of socks. Research has suggested that it\rquote s easier to come when your feet are warm.\par
 \par
It\rquote s totally normal to masturbate (touch yourself for sexual pleasure) whether you\rquote re sexually active with other people or not. Masturbation even has health benefits, like reducing stress.\par
\par
Do most people masturbate?\par
Lots of people masturbate! Even if they don't talk about it, it\rquote s common for people of any gender or age to do it. Even before puberty, children sometimes discover that touching their genitals feels good. If you have kids and notice them touching their genitals, let them know that masturbating is completely normal, but something they should do in private.\par
\par
People masturbate for different reasons \f1\emdash  it helps them relax, they want to understand their body better, they want to release sexual tension, or their partner isn\rquote t around. But most people masturbate because it feels good. Many people think that masturbation is only something you do when you don\rquote t have a sex partner. But both single people and people in relationships masturbate.  \par
\par
Some people masturbate often, others rarely, and some people don\rquote t masturbate at all. Different people masturbate in different ways, for different reasons. Masturbation is a totally personal decision, and there\rquote s no \ldblquote normal\rdblquote  way to go about it.\par
\par
Is masturbation healthy?\par
You may have heard some crazy things about masturbation being bad for you, like it makes you grow hair in weird places; it causes infertility; it shrinks your genitals; or once you start masturbating you\rquote ll become addicted to it. None of that\rquote s true. Masturbation isn\rquote t unhealthy or bad for you at all. Masturbation can actually be good for your health, both mentally and physically. And it\rquote s pretty much the safest sex out there \emdash  there\rquote s no risk of getting pregnant or getting an STD.\par
\par
When you have an orgasm, your body releases endorphins, which are hormones that block pain and make you feel good. The good feelings that accompany an orgasm happen whether you\rquote re by yourself or having sex with a partner.\par
\par
Plenty of research has shown the health benefits of masturbation. Masturbation can:\par
\par
release sexual tension\par
\par
reduce stress\par
\par
help you sleep better\par
\par
improve your self-esteem and body image\par
\par
help treat sexual problems\par
\par
relieve menstrual cramps and muscle tension\par
\par
strengthen muscle tone in your pelvic and anal areas\par
\par
Masturbation also helps you figure out what you like sexually. Where do you want to be touched? How much pressure feels good? How fast or slow? Learning how to have orgasms on your own can make it easier to have one with a partner, because you can tell or show them what feels good. And when you\rquote re comfortable with sex, your body, and talking to your partner, you\rquote re more likely to feel comfortable protecting yourself against STDs and pregnancy.\par
\par
How much masturbation is too much?\par
Some people masturbate often \emdash  every day, or even more than once a day. Some people masturbate closer to once a week, once every few weeks, or every now and then. Some people never masturbate, and that\rquote s fine too. All of these are perfectly normal.\par
\par
Masturbation only becomes \ldblquote too much\rdblquote  if it gets in the way of your job, your responsibilities, or your social life. If that\rquote s a problem for you, you may want to talk to a counselor or therapist.\par
\par
Some people learn when they\rquote re young that masturbating is wrong or bad, so they feel guilty about doing it. If you feel that way, try to remember that most people masturbate. It\rquote s perfectly normal, and there\rquote s nothing wrong with it. Talking to a counselor or therapist may help if you have trouble getting over guilty feelings.\par
\par
Is it OK to masturbate if you\rquote re in a relationship?\par
Definitely. Lots of people in relationships masturbate. Masturbating when you\rquote re in a relationship doesn\rquote t mean your partner isn\rquote t satisfying you. It\rquote s a great way to figure out what you like and what makes you have an orgasm. Then you can show or tell your partner what feels good. Talking about sex with your partner can make it more fun and can even make your relationship stronger. Some people masturbate at the same time as their partner. It\rquote s a way to be sexual together without having any risk of STDs or pregnancy\par
\par
\f0 Various Questions people asked?\par
Guys asking Galss.\par
\par
\par
Some guys out there actually think women don\rquote t masturbate at all. They think masturbating is a \ldblquote guy\rquote s thing\rdblquote . Thankfully though, most people are not so ignorant about female masturbation, even though they too have many questions about it. Here we are answering top 10 questions guys have about girls masturbating. \par
1. Do you masturbate as often as we guys do?\par
\par
No, not as often. On an average, if most women masturbate almost 5 times a month, then most men masturbate almost 12 times a month. So, you guys are clearly much ahead of us. \par
2. But, how do you do it with those long fingernails?!\par
\par
We don\rquote t! Well, not always. Honestly, long fingernails are a luxury that most situations in life don\rquote t allow us to have. So, um, they don\rquote t just get in the way while we\rquote re masturbating, but also may chip off when we\rquote re cooking or cleaning. Plus, they tend to accumulate dirt under, so it\rquote s not really healthy either! \par
\par
girls masturbating\par
3. And, what do you do during periods?\par
\par
If you\rquote ve had sex with a woman on her period, you\rquote d know that the period flow during penetration reduces. But you know, it does get a bit messy, so most of us do hold on till our periods are over. \par
4. What exactly makes you want to masturbate?\par
\par
Same things that make you want to masturbate - sometimes the lack of anything better to do, other times just because we\rquote re turned on! We\rquote re human, just like you. \par
\par
girls masturbating\par
5. Do you watch porn while doing it too?\par
\par
Only when we want a catalyst to get the juices flowing. Other times, our fertile imagination, or a little sexting paves way. \par
\par
new app banner (pink)\par
6. Do you touch yourselves elsewhere while masturbating?\par
\par
You mean do we play with our boobs? Why are guys obsessed with them, anyway? Well, at times we do, but mostly we don\rquote t. We love our boobs, but aren\rquote t half as fascinated by them as you are, really. \par
\par
girls masturbating\par
7. Who do you fantasize about?\par
\par
The mind loses control when it\rquote s nearing an orgasm, and starts screening random people in. Of course you\rquote ve experienced it too. So, even though we may try to focus on our partners, the mind does wander... \par
8. Do you use anything except your hands?\par
\par
The trouble is that even if we would love to use sex toys, they aren\rquote t as readily available in the Indian markets. And if you stay with your parents, all the more difficult to use them. So yeah, we would love some external help, but our environment is not conducive to it. \par
\par
girls masturbating\par
9. How long do you have to be at it?\par
\par
That really depends from one individual to another. Just like some women climax easily and others need to keep at it - \lquote self-help\rquote  may take a few minutes to a few minutes more. \par
10. Why do most girls act like they don\rquote t?\par
\par
Blame society and it\rquote s contorted idea that women who masturbate and worse, who masturbate and don\rquote t hide it, are promiscuous - because they are attesting to their sexuality and submitting to their desires. \par
How Common is Masturbation?\par
Teenager laying on floor\par
Muriel de Seze/Digital Vision/Getty Images\par
Probably more common than you think. Surveys have shown that about 90% of men and 65% of women masturbate; other surveys put the number as high as 95% of all people, male and female.\par
\par
\par
02\par
of 09\par
Do Girls Masturbate?\par
They sure do. According to one survey, about 59% of women age 18 and younger have masturbated. That number might sound high to you, but that's probably because girls don't really admit to masturbating or talk about masturbation as much as guys do.\par
\par
\par
03\par
of 09\par
How Do You Masturbate - Are There Different Ways to Do It?\par
Masturbation is a totally personal thing - there isn't one "right" way to do it. What feels good to other people might not feel good to you, and vice versa. The only way to find out what works for you is by exploring. If you really want to read the gory details about how other people masturbate, this guide to masturbation might help.\par
\par
04\par
of 09\par
What's the Best Way to Masturbate?\par
Like I said before, what feels good to other people might not feel good to you, so there isn't one magical masturbation technique that can suit everyone. It's your own body - only you can know what feels best.\par
\par
05\par
of 09\par
How Young is Too Young to Start Masturbating?\par
When it comes to masturbation, there's no such thing as "too young." Children begin to explore their bodies at very early ages, and when puberty hits (usually around ages 11 to 18), the surge of sex hormones in your body might make you want to masturbate more frequently. It's a totally natural part of reaching sexual maturity.\par
\par
06\par
of 09\par
Is Masturbation Safe?\par
Yes - masturbation is the safest form of sex there is. That's because you can't contract an STD from yourself and you can't get yourself pregnant. (Come to think of it, you also can't take advantage of yourself or break your own heart, so masturbation is emotionally safer, too.)\par
\par
07\par
of 09\par
What's Mutual Masturbation?\par
Mutual masturbation when you masturbate in front of a (consenting) partner. It's a sexy thing to do with someone that doesn't have the same physical risks (like pregnancy or STDs) that other forms of sex have.\par
\par
08\par
of 09\par
Is Masturbation a Kind of Sex?\par
It sure is. The word "sex" includes all kinds of sexual activities, and since masturbation gives you sexual pleasure, it's definitely a sexual activity.\par
\par
09\par
of 09\par
If I Masturbate, Am I Still a Virgin?\par
Some people say that you lose your virginity as soon as you perform a sex act, and since masturbation is a sex act, that would mean that when you masturbate, you're no longer be a virgin. But that's a pretty strict definition of the word "virgin." However, you want to define it for yourself is up to you.\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\f2\fs24\lang9 Shemale\b0  (also known as \b she-male\b0 ) is a term primarily used in {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_work"}}{\fldrslt{sex work}}}}\f2\fs24  to describe a {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transgender_woman"}}{\fldrslt{transgender woman}}}}\f2\fs24  with male {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genitalia"}}{\fldrslt{genitalia}}}}\f2\fs24  and female {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secondary_sex_characteristics"}}{\fldrslt{secondary sex characteristics}}}}\f2\fs24 , usually including {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breasts"}}{\fldrslt{breasts}}}}\f2\fs24  from {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breast_augmentation"}}{\fldrslt{breast augmentation}}}}\f2\fs24  or use of {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hormone_replacement_therapy_(male-to-female)"}}{\fldrslt{hormones}}}}\f2\fs24 . Many {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transgender"}}{\fldrslt{transgender}}}}\f2\fs24  people regard the term \i shemale\i0  as offensive, arguing that it mocks or shows a lack of respect towards transgender individuals;{\cf1\ul\super{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shemale"}}{\fldrslt{[1]}}}}{\cf1\ul\super\f2\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shemale"}}{\fldrslt{[2]}}}}\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub\f2\fs24  in this view, the term emphasizes the natal {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex"}}{\fldrslt{sex}}}}\f2\fs24  of a person and neglects their {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_identity"}}{\fldrslt{gender identity}}}}\f2\fs24 . Using the term \i shemale\i0  for a {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transsexual"}}{\fldrslt{transsexual}}}}\f2\fs24  woman often implies that she is working in the {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_trade"}}{\fldrslt{sex trade}}}}\f2\fs24 .{\cf1\ul\super{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shemale"}}{\fldrslt{[3]}}}}\f2\fs24  The phrase is commonly used in {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pornography"}}{\fldrslt{pornography}}}}\f2\fs24 .\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\f0\fs22 Some mental health researchers consider attraction to transgender people to be a {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paraphilia"}}{\fldrslt{paraphilia}}}}\f0\fs22 . {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Money"}}{\fldrslt{John Money}}}}\f0\fs22  and {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Lamacz"}}{\fldrslt{Margaret }}}}{\cf1\ul\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Lamacz"}}{\fldrslt{Lamacz}}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs22  proposed a series of terms along these lines. \i Gynemimetophilia\i0  denotes {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexual_attraction"}}{\fldrslt{sexual attraction}}}}\f0\fs22  to {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Male-assigned"}}{\fldrslt{male-assigned}}}}\f0\fs22  people who look or act like women, including genetically male {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crossdresser"}}{\fldrslt{crossdressers}}}}\f0\fs22 .{\cf1\ul\super{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shemale"}}{\fldrslt{[16]}}}}\f0\fs22  It can also refer to an attraction to {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trans_women"}}{\fldrslt{trans}}}}{\cf1\ul\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trans_women"}}{\fldrslt{ women}}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs22 . A related term is \i gynemimesis\i0  which refers to a {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homosexual"}}{\fldrslt{homosexual}}}}\f0\fs22  male who engages in female impersonation without sex reassignment\cf1\ul\super [17]\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub  or to describe the adoption of female characteristics by a male. The terms were used by Money for classification purposes in his {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transgender"}}{\fldrslt{gender-transposition}}}}\f0\fs22  theory. He also proposed {\cf1\ul\i{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gynandromorph"}}{\fldrslt{gynandromorph}}}}\f0\fs22  and \i gynemimetomorph\i0  as technical terms for trans women. A \i gynandromorph\i0  is an organism that contains both male and female characteristics. \i Gynandromorphy\i0  is a term of Greek etymology which means to have some of the body {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morphology_(biology)"}}{\fldrslt{morphology}}}}\f0\fs22  and measurements of both an average woman and man.\super\par
\fs44 issus\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\nosupersub\b\f2\fs24 Transsexual\b0  people experience a {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_identity"}}{\fldrslt{gender identity}}}}\f2\fs24  that is inconsistent with, or not culturally associated with, their {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_assignment"}}{\fldrslt{assigned sex}}}}\f2\fs24 , and desire to permanently {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transitioning_(transgender)"}}{\fldrslt{transition}}}}\f2\fs24  to the {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender"}}{\fldrslt{gender}}}}\f2\fs24  with which they identify, usually seeking medical assistance (including {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hormone_replacement_therapy"}}{\fldrslt{hormone replacement therapy}}}}\f2\fs24  and other {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_reassignment_therapy"}}{\fldrslt{sex reassignment therapies}}}}\f2\fs24 ) to help them align their body with their identified {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex"}}{\fldrslt{sex}}}}\f2\fs24  or gender.\par
\i Transsexual\i0  is generally considered a subset of {\cf1\ul\i{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transgender"}}{\fldrslt{transgender}}}}\f2\fs24 ,{\cf1\ul\super{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transsexual"}}{\fldrslt{[1]}}}}{\cf1\ul\super\f2\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transsexual"}}{\fldrslt{[2]}}}}{\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub\f2\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transsexual"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 [3]}}}}\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub\f2\fs24  but some transsexual people reject the label of \i transgender\i0 .{\cf1\ul\super{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transsexual"}}{\fldrslt{[4]}}}}{\cf1\ul\super\f2\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transsexual"}}{\fldrslt{[5]}}}}{\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub\f2\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transsexual"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 [6]}}}}{\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub\f2\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transsexual"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 [7]}}}}\f2\fs24  A medical diagnosis of {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_dysphoria"}}{\fldrslt{gender }}}}{\cf1\ul\f2\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_dysphoria"}}{\fldrslt{dysphoria}}}}\cf0\ulnone\f2\fs24  can be made if a person expresses a desire to live and be accepted as a member of their identified sex,{\cf1\ul\super{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transsexual"}}{\fldrslt{[8]}}}}\f2\fs24  and if a person experiences impaired functioning or {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distress_(medicine)"}}{\fldrslt{distress}}}}\f2\fs24  as a result of their gender identity.\par
Benjamin suggested that moderate intensity male to female transsexual people may benefit from estrogen medication as a "substitute for or preliminary to operation."{\cf1\ul\super{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transsexual"}}{\fldrslt{[16]}}}}\f2\fs24  Some people have had SRS but do not meet the above definition of transsexual (e.g. Gregory Hemingway). Other people do not desire SRS although they meet the other element's of Benjamin's definition of a "true transsexual". Transsexuality was included for the first time in the {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DSM-III"}}{\fldrslt{DSM-III}}}}\f2\fs24  in 1980 and again in the {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DSM-III-R"}}{\fldrslt{DSM-III-R}}}}\f2\fs24  in 1987, where it was located under \i Disorders Usually First Evident in Infancy, Childhood or Adolescence\i0 .\par
Beyond Benjamin's work, which focused on male-to-female transsexual people, there are cases of the female to male transsexual, for whom genital surgery may not be practical. Benjamin gave certifying letters to his MTF transsexual patients that stated "Their anatomical sex, that is to say, the body, is male. Their psychological sex, that is to say, the mind, is female." After 1967 Benjamin abandoned his early terminology and adopted that of "gender identity.\par
Funny facts about shemale\par
\b\fs36 Myth #1:\~ Transgender people live crazy lives.\par
\b0\fs24 This is probably the most common misconception about trans people.\par
Many people incorrectly associate being transgender with automatically living an \ldblquote crazy lifestyle\rdblquote  based on tv and in the movies. This may involve drag performance, hyper-masculine or hyper-feminine behavior, drugs, or prostitution.\par
Some trans people (and some non-trans people too!) engage in the above behaviors. But all transgender people do the everyday things that are a part of life. They go to work, buy groceries, see movies, kiss their kids good night.\par
\b They are people. They do people things like everyone else.\b0\par
\b\fs36 Myth #2: Transgender people are confused.\par
\b0\fs24 Just because a person is different, doesn\rquote t mean they don\rquote t know who they are.\par
Trans people have a sex.\~ They are females, males, and intersex.\par
Trans people have a gender.\~ They are men, women, queer, and other genders.\par
\b They know their sex and they know their gender. \b0\par
This can be confusing to us who inhabit more traditional gender roles, but to the transgender person, it is not confusing.\~ It is just who they are.\par
That said, coming to the realization that you are trans, and coming out publically as trans, in a society that doesn\rquote t accept or understand you \i can\i0  be very confusing and hurtful.\~\~ Many transgender people have experiences of feeling \ldblquote defective\rdblquote  or \ldblquote wrong.\rdblquote\par
This is a social problem, not a gender identity problem.\par
\b\fs36 Myth #3: Transgender people are mentally disturbed.\par
\b0\fs24 It\rquote s true that {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nami.org/TextTemplate.cfm?Section=Fact_Sheets1&Template=/ContentManagement/ContentDisplay.cfm&ContentID=54036"}}{\fldrslt{many transgender people suffer from mental illness}}}}\f2\fs24 .\~ But it\rquote s not because of their gender identity alone!\par
It\rquote s because in a patriarchal society, being {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_variant"}}{\fldrslt{gender variant}}}}\f2\fs24  causes a lot of distress.\~ So much distress, in fact, that it can be described by the diagnosis of a {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_identity_disorder"}}{\fldrslt{mental disorder}}}}\f2\fs24 .\~ This diagnosis is helpful because it tells us that this person is hurting and something needs to be done to help.\par
\b Transgender people have the same brains we do.\~ \b0 They are just faced with a lot more mental and emotional stress.\par
\b\fs36 Myth #4: Transgender people are gay.\par
\b0\fs24 Gender identity and sexual orientation are two {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itspronouncedmetrosexual.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/Genderbread-2.1.jpg"}}{\fldrslt{completely separate characteristics}}}}\f2\fs24 .\~\~ One is what gender we see ourselves as being.\~ The other is what gender(s) and sex(es) we are physically and romantically attracted to.\par
Knowing one doesn\rquote t tell you about the other.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\b\fs36 Myth #5: Transgender people are radical liberals with crazy ideas.\par

\pard\sa160\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs24\line\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1 Transgender people come from all political and religious backgrounds.\par
Many trans people just want to lead their lives as part of \ldblquote mainstream\rdblquote  society and be accepted and not condemned by their families, churches, governments and communities.\par
They should be allowed this.\par
Other trans people feel very strongly about changing the system that has oppressed them and adapt more radical beliefs about the gender system.\~ They wish to live outside of traditional social norms and not be deemed \ldblquote freaks\rdblquote  because of it.\par
They should be allowed this too.\par
\b Transgender people are diverse.\~ \b0 Each will make a unique decision about the life they want to lead.\par
\b\fs36 Myth #6: Transgender people hate their bodies.\par
\b0\fs24 This is a very common myth. \~It does make sense that a person who identifies as a woman might be uncomfortable in her male body, and vice versa.\~ And some transgender people \i are\i0  uncomfortable and want to {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_reassignment_therapy"}}{\fldrslt{alter their bodies}}}}\f2\fs24 .\~ Others choose to live with their bodies {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://nonop.zxq.net/why.html"}}{\fldrslt{as they are}}}}\f2\fs24 .\par
Neither choice means that this person hates themself.\~ On the contrary, a transgender person can love themselves through the whole {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transitioning_%28transgender%29"}}{\fldrslt{process of transitioning}}}}\f2\fs24 .\~ And we can love them too!\par
Each person\rquote s relationship with their body is unique and we should support every transgender person in doing what works for them.\par
\b\fs36 Myth #7: Transgender people perform drag shows.\par
\b0\fs24 Conservative thinkers would love to point to a singing, shimmying, scantily dressed, heavily made-up drag queen slinking across a stage and say, \ldblquote THAT is a transgender!\rdblquote\~ But, they\rquote re wrong.\~ In fact, did you know that the majority of gender performance is done by non-trans people?\par
Because, it\rquote s just a performance.\~ It\rquote s not about real people.\par
{\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drag_queen"}}{\fldrslt{Drag Queens}}}}\f2\fs24\~and {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drag_king"}}{\fldrslt{Drag Kings}}}}\f2\fs24\~\ldblquote do drag\rdblquote  for theatrical, comedic, and at times, political purposes.\~ They do it for their art and they do it with you, the viewer, in mind.\par
When a trans woman wears women\rquote s clothing or a trans man wears men\rquote s clothing, they are not doing drag.\~ Nor are they cross-dressing.\~ They are just wearing their clothes.\par
\b\fs36 Myth #8: You can tell someone is transgender just by looking at them.\par
\b0\fs24 This is a myth meant to make us believe that transgender people are all crazy freaks.\~ That you can \ldblquote spot\rdblquote  one, like a cartoon villain or a sasquatch. \ldblquote Look, a tranny!\rdblquote\par
It is a hurtful and misleading lie.\par
The truth is, \b transgender people have bodies just like ours.\b0\~ And they may display them in very traditional ways.\par
Some {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Passing_%28gender%29"}}{\fldrslt{pass}}}}\f2\fs24  very well, others don\rquote t.\par
As feminists, we don\rquote t judge our bodies or anyone else\rquote s.\par
\b\fs36 Myth #9: Transgender people aren\rquote t \ldblquote real\rdblquote  men or women.\par
\b0\fs24 This is probably the most hurtful myth of all.\~ It tells us that transgender people are somehow less human because of their gender identification.\~ It is proof that they do not have a place in proper society.\par
It is hateful and unacceptable.\par
Everyone should have the right to be men and women, regardless of sex category or anything else.\par
\b There are many ways to be human.\b0\par
\b\fs36 Myth #10: Transgender people are weird.\par
\b0\fs24 When someone is unlike anything we have seen or known, we think, that\rquote s weird.\par
It\rquote s okay to have that thought.\~ It\rquote s human nature.\~ But it\rquote s important to understand that your perception of what\rquote s \ldblquote weird\rdblquote  is based on your experiences and your culture.\par
Many cultures think that living outside the gender binary (two-gender system) is {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transgender"}}{\fldrslt{perfectly normal}}}}\f2\fs24 .\~ Transgender people are integrated into mainstream society and may even be held in high esteem.\par
We can do the same!\~ As feminists, we think difference is good!\~ (and we embrace weirdness too).\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\super\f0\fs44 teen \par
\nosupersub\b\fs22 Adolescent sexuality\b0  is a stage of {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_development_(biology)"}}{\fldrslt{human development}}}}\f0\fs22  in which {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolescence"}}{\fldrslt{adolescents}}}}\f0\fs22  experience and explore sexual feelings. Interest in sexuality intensifies during the onset of {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puberty"}}{\fldrslt{puberty}}}}\f0\fs22 , and sexuality is often a vital aspect of teenagers' lives.{\cf1\ul\super{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolescent_sexuality"}}{\fldrslt{[1]}}}}\f0\fs22  In humans, {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexual_interest"}}{\fldrslt{sexual interest}}}}\f0\fs22  may be expressed in a number of ways, such as {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flirting"}}{\fldrslt{flirting}}}}\f0\fs22 , {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kissing"}}{\fldrslt{kissing}}}}\f0\fs22 , {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masturbation"}}{\fldrslt{masturbation}}}}\f0\fs22 , or having sex with a partner. Sexual interest among adolescents, as among adults, can vary greatly, and is influenced by cultural {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norm_(sociology)"}}{\fldrslt{norms}}}}\f0\fs22  and {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mores"}}{\fldrslt{mores}}}}\f0\fs22 , {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_education"}}{\fldrslt{sex education}}}}\f0\fs22  provided, {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexual_orientation"}}{\fldrslt{sexual orientation}}}}\f0\fs22 , and {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_control"}}{\fldrslt{social controls}}}}\f0\fs22  such as {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Age_of_consent"}}{\fldrslt{age of consent}}}}\f0\fs22  laws.\par
teen Risk \super\fs44\par
\nosupersub\fs22 Sexual activity in general is associated with various risks. The risks of sexual intercourse include {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unwanted_pregnancy"}}{\fldrslt{unwanted pregnancy}}}}\f0\fs22  and contracting a {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexually_transmitted_infection"}}{\fldrslt{sexually transmitted infection}}}}\f0\fs22  such as {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HIV"}}{\fldrslt{HIV}}}}\f0\fs22 /{\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AIDS"}}{\fldrslt{AIDS}}}}\f0\fs22 , which can be reduced with availability and use of a {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Condom"}}{\fldrslt{condom}}}}\f0\fs22  or adopting other {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Safe_sex"}}{\fldrslt{safe sex}}}}\f0\fs22  practices. {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contraceptives"}}{\fldrslt{Contraceptives}}}}\f0\fs22  specifically reduce the chance of pregnancy.\par
The risks are higher for young adolescents because their brains are not neurally mature. Several brain regions in the frontal lobe of the cerebral cortex and in the {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hypothalamus"}}{\fldrslt{hypothalamus}}}}\f0\fs22  that are deemed important for self-control, delayed gratification, risk analysis, and appreciation are not fully mature. The brain is not fully mature until age 25.{\cf1\ul\super{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolescent_sexuality"}}{\fldrslt{[2]}}}}\f0\fs22  Partially, because of this, young adolescents are generally less equipped than adults to make sound decisions and anticipate consequences of sexual behavior,\cf1\ul\super [3]\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub  although {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuroimaging"}}{\fldrslt{brain imaging}}}}\f0\fs22  and behavioral correlation studies in teens have been criticized for not being causative thus possibly reaffirming cultural biases.\par
Problems\par
In addition to the mentioned health risks (like unwanted pregnancies and infection transmissions), other risks have been associated with early sexual activity. For example, a recent study (2017) found that those who start having sex at an earlier age have higher risks of: not using a condom; not having good memories of that first experience; and having had that relationship for non-autonomous reasons (such as partner pressure, peer pressure or the influence of substance use).{\cf1\ul\super{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolescent_sexuality"}}{\fldrslt{[5]}}}}\f0\fs22  This article also summarizes other risks (found in previous studies) associated with earlier sex: having an increased number of sexual partners or of casual sexual partners; perpetrating or being a victim of forced sex; engaging in paid sex; depression and behavior problems\par

\pard\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\f2\fs24 Though most female adolescents begin their sexual maturation process in normal, predictable ways, there may be concerns by parents and clinicians if the following become evident:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\sl240\slmult1\tx720 painful menstruation\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}chronic pelvic pain\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}partial vaginal outflow obstruction/imperforate hymen\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}possible anatomical defects\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\f0\fs40\par
funny things about teens \par
\b\fs22 1. Separate teens from their cellphones and they get sleepy\b0\line\line An Intel Science Talent Search finalist, {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://blogs.wsj.com/ideas-market/2011/03/30/humans-become-anxious-when-separated-from-cellphones/"}}{\fldrslt{Michelle Hackman}}}}\f0\fs22 , locked 150 of her texting-obsessed peers in an empty classroom for 45 minutes. Half of them had cellphones and half not. Instead of becoming over jittery, the cell-less teens drifted off to sleep. \line\b\line 2. 42% of teens can text with their eyes closed\b0\line\line No, they haven't developed superpowers, teens have just become so {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marketingcharts.com/interactive/cell-phones-key-to-teens-social-lives-47-can-text-with-eyes-closed-6126/"}}{\fldrslt{attached to their }}}}{\cf1\ul\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marketingcharts.com/interactive/cell-phones-key-to-teens-social-lives-47-can-text-with-eyes-closed-6126/"}}{\fldrslt{cellphones}}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs22  that they admit their lives would be worse if they couldn't text. And with more than 1 billion texts being sent everyday, it's no surprise that 42% of teens can text\~ blindfolded. Scary stuff.\line\line\b 3. Teens can grow so fast, their brains can't keep up\b0\line\line It's not your teens' fault if they're particularly clumsy. Why? Because most {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bbc.co.uk/science/humanbody/body/articles/lifecycle/teenagers/growth.shtml"}}{\fldrslt{teens grow so quickly}}}}\f0\fs22  that their brains can't calculate the new rules for balancing. Poor teens. Clumsiness is often unavoidable.\line\line\b 4. Risk-taking teen? It's their brain's fault!\b0\line\line According this {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mobiflock.com/information-for-parents/the-net-generation/the-tween-and-teen-brain/"}}{\fldrslt{study}}}}\f0\fs22 , teens make risky decisions because their brains are programmed that way. An MRI scan shows that a teenager's prefrontal cortex works much harder than an adult's and that's why it's difficult for them to decide if a situation is dangerous or not.\line\line\b 5. Teens can have their sleep cycle fixed by a blue light\b0\line\line It's weird but true. If your teen struggles to fall asleep and then can't wake up in the morning, having them sit in front of a blue light to reset their 'internal clock'. {\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sciencedaily.com/videos/2006/0201-waking_up_teens.htm"}}{\fldrslt{This study}}}}\f0\fs22  has all the details.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28\lang2057\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 